phile : 7 has eaten 1 meals
phile : 1 has eaten 1 meals
phile : 9 has eaten 1 meals
phile : 3 has eaten 1 meals
phile : 5 has eaten 1 meals
phile : 10 has eaten 1 meals
phile : 8 has eaten 1 meals
phile : 4 has eaten 1 meals
phile : 2 has eaten 1 meals
phile : 6 has eaten 1 meals
phile : 1 has eaten 2 meals
phile : 9 has eaten 2 meals
phile : 3 has eaten 2 meals
phile : 7 has eaten 2 meals
phile : 5 has eaten 2 meals
phile : 10 has eaten 2 meals
phile : 2 has eaten 2 meals
phile : 6 has eaten 2 meals
phile : 4 has eaten 2 meals
phile : 8 has eaten 2 meals
phile : 9 has eaten 3 meals
phile : 3 has eaten 3 meals
phile : 5 has eaten 3 meals
phile : 1 has eaten 3 meals
phile : 7 has eaten 3 meals
phile : 2 has eaten 3 meals
phile : 6 has eaten 3 meals
phile : 10 has eaten 3 meals
phile : 4 has eaten 3 meals
phile : 8 has eaten 3 meals
phile : 3 has eaten 4 meals
phile : 9 has eaten 4 meals
phile : 1 has eaten 4 meals
phile : 5 has eaten 4 meals
phile : 7 has eaten 4 meals
phile : 2 has eaten 4 meals
phile : 8 has eaten 4 meals
phile : 4 has eaten 4 meals
phile : 6 has eaten 4 meals
phile : 10 has eaten 4 meals
phile : 3 has eaten 5 meals
phile : 3 has eaten enough
phile : 9 has eaten 5 meals
phile : 9 has eaten enough
phile : 1 has eaten 5 meals
phile : 1 has eaten enough
phile : 5 has eaten 5 meals
phile : 5 has eaten enough
phile : 7 has eaten 5 meals
phile : 7 has eaten enough
phile : 2 has eaten 5 meals
phile : 2 has eaten enough
phile : 6 has eaten 5 meals
phile : 6 has eaten enough
phile : 10 has eaten 5 meals
phile : 10 has eaten enough
phile : 4 has eaten 5 meals
phile : 4 has eaten enough
phile : 8 has eaten 5 meals
phile : 8 has eaten enough
